README.md, before:

# Metric_webapp: Covid 19 update imformation


This React capstone project is about building a mobile web application to check a list of metrics (numeric values) that you will create making use of React and Redux.

We will select an API that provides numeric data about a topic that you like and then build the webapp around it. The webapp will have several pages:

one page with a list of items that could be filtered by some parameters; This page should be your homepage.
one page for the item details;

## Built With

- React-Redux
- Style-components
- CSS3
- Jest

## Technologies used

- Github
- Gitflow
- Visual Studio Code

## Getting Started

To clone this project :

Run command: git clone `https://github.com/Somdotta07/react-redux-capstone`
Or press the green Code button in the upper right corner and choose to download from the Download ZIP link.

### Setup

Add linters from linters-config

Set up a new project Create React App (CRA)

to create a React application is using Create React App (CRA) and following the instructions in this guide

```
- npx create-react-app react-redux-capstone
- cd react-redux-capstone
- npm start
```

### Add react-redux

`npm install react-redux`

Add React Router

`npm install react-router-dom@6`

## Author 

😊 Bandonkeye Arnaud

- Github: [ArnaudBand](https://github.com/ArnaudBand)
- LinkeDIn: [Arnaud](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arnaudbandonkeye/)
- Twitter: [Arnaud](https://www.twitter.com/@ba104781)

### 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the issues page.

### Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

### Acknowledgments

Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
Inspiration
etc

### 📝 License

This project is MIT licensed.

Commit message:

Add Video, Live's link, work on acknowledgments

README.md, after:

# Metric_webapp: Covid 19 update imformation


This React capstone project is about building a mobile web application to check a list of metrics (numeric values) that you will create making use of React and Redux.

We will select an API that provides numeric data about a topic that you like and then build the webapp around it. The webapp will have several pages:

one page with a list of items that could be filtered by some parameters; This page should be your homepage.
one page for the item details;

### Live on: 

[Heroku](https://covid-data-19.herokuapp.com/)

### Video on:

[Click](https://www.loom.com/share/e0ef058b662b405b8a072ec48be2866a)

## Built With

- React-Redux
- Style-components
- CSS3
- Jest

## Technologies used

- Github
- Gitflow
- Visual Studio Code

## Getting Started

To clone this project :

Run command: git clone `https://github.com/Somdotta07/react-redux-capstone`
Or press the green Code button in the upper right corner and choose to download from the Download ZIP link.

### Setup

Add linters from linters-config

Set up a new project Create React App (CRA)

to create a React application is using Create React App (CRA) and following the instructions in this guide

```
- npx create-react-app react-redux-capstone
- cd react-redux-capstone
- npm start
```

### Add react-redux

`npm install react-redux`

Add React Router

`npm install react-router-dom@6`

## Author 

😊 Bandonkeye Arnaud

- Github: [ArnaudBand](https://github.com/ArnaudBand)
- LinkeDIn: [Arnaud](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arnaudbandonkeye/)
- Twitter: [Arnaud](https://www.twitter.com/@ba104781)

### 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the issues page.

### Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

### Acknowledgments

- [Microverse](https://www.microverse.org/) to improve my skills
- Covid_19 [API](https://disease.sh/v3/covid-19/countries)
- Original design by[Nelson Sakwa in Behance](https://www.behance.net/sakwadesignstudio)

### 📝 License

This project is MIT licensed.
